Revert "Dextra/tgs" (#132)
Unity-Technologies/Unity-Robotics-Hub: tutorials/pose_estimation/Documentation/1_set_up_the_scene.md

#### Importing the Robot

> Finally we will add the robot and the URDF files in order to import the UR3 Robot. 

Author: ```suggestion
Now it's time to import the robot from a URDF file.
```
